Desired Skills:
Experience with writing, compiling, and debugging a variety of programming languages
Containerization
Jupyter
Spark
Cloud Analytics
Special consideration given for the following skills:
Machine Learning
High Powered Computing
Any of a number of active Cyber Certifications including but not limited to: GPEN, GXPN, GCFE, GCFA, and OSCP.
C++
Experience with intelligence analysis skills (e.g., traffic analysis) mixed with detailed knowledge of network architectures, protocols, and communications.
SIGINT experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI with favorable polygraph
Level 1:

Minimum one years' experience or a Bachelor's Degree or participating in a program that will lead to a Bachelor's Degree in an appropriate Computer Science or related field.

Level 2:

Minimum five years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.

Level 4:

Minimum 10 years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.

So, what does Novetta do?

Novetta is an advanced big data analytics company with over two decades of experience solving problems of national significance for government agencies and commercial enterprises worldwide. We have pioneered disruptive technologies and solutions in four key areas of advanced analytics: data, cyber, open source/media, and multi-int analytics. Our specialties include data fusion and entity analytics, digital forensics, software development, geospatial intelligence, biometrics and identify intelligence, cyber/network security services, threat detection, malware analysis, signals processing, cloud analytics, ISR, discovery workflow engineering, systems engineering, and SOC support.

GET A REFERRAL BONUS FOR THE GREAT PEOPLE YOU KNOW!

With our amazing referral program, you could be eligible to earn
outstanding rewards for referring qualified new hires to Novetta.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex,
gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability,
protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
To apply to this job, click Apply Now